---
script_id: scenario_1_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: When a friend wants to help but isn‚Äôt sure how

---
script_id: scenario_2_story
tone: Comfort Narrator
tool_mode: Text Message
example_prompt: After a public moment of stress

---
script_id: scenario_3_story
tone: Respectful Peer
tool_mode: Guide
example_prompt: During noisy school transitions

---
script_id: scenario_4_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: After a child shuts down from a hard day

---
script_id: scenario_5_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: When group work overwhelms a student

---
script_id: scenario_6_story
tone: Comfort Narrator
tool_mode: Text Message
example_prompt: Post public meltdown, offering low-pressure support

---
script_id: scenario_7_story
tone: Respectful Peer
tool_mode: Guide
example_prompt: How to support reset breaks in office settings

---
script_id: scenario_8_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: When a child paces at church

---
script_id: scenario_9_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: Supporting a player who freezes on the field

---
script_id: scenario_10_story
tone: Comfort Narrator
tool_mode: Guide
example_prompt: Witnessing sensory overload at a bbq

---
script_id: scenario_11_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: After seeing a family leave a store abruptly

---
script_id: scenario_12_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: When a teacher sees a meltdown start

---
script_id: scenario_13_story
tone: Respectful Peer
tool_mode: Guide
example_prompt: When aides want shutdown strategies

---
script_id: scenario_14_story
tone: Comfort Narrator
tool_mode: Text Message
example_prompt: For exhausted parents needing space

---
script_id: scenario_15_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: At the park with a child rocking alone

---
script_id: scenario_16_story
tone: Comfort Narrator
tool_mode: Guide
example_prompt: Siblings wanting to support respectfully

---
script_id: scenario_17_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: Co-workers sensing dysregulation coming

---
script_id: scenario_18_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Text Message
example_prompt: Following friend absence after a tough week

---
script_id: scenario_19_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: Quiet ways to offer help without intrusion

---
script_id: scenario_20_story
tone: Comfort Narrator
tool_mode: Guide
example_prompt: Training a community group for sensory dignity

---
script_id: scenario_21_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: Support during a birthday party

---
script_id: scenario_22_story
tone: Comfort Narrator
tool_mode: Text Message
example_prompt: Grandparents who feel left out

---
script_id: scenario_23_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Guide
example_prompt: Teens who shut down after school

---
script_id: scenario_24_story
tone: Respectful Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: When uncles want to show up but stumble

---
script_id: scenario_25_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Guide
example_prompt: Librarians creating sensory-safe environments

---
script_id: scenario_26_story
tone: Comfort Narrator
tool_mode: Text Message
example_prompt: Offering comfort after public outbursts

---
script_id: scenario_27_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: Teachers writing notes after hard days

---
script_id: scenario_28_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Guide
example_prompt: Friends offering breaks to autism parents

---
script_id: scenario_29_story
tone: Comfort Narrator
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: Neighbors bringing care without pressure

---
script_id: scenario_30_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Guide
example_prompt: Volunteers helping without spotlighting

---
script_id: scenario_31_story
tone: Respectful Peer
tool_mode: Text Message
example_prompt: Drop-off friends noticing absences

---
script_id: scenario_32_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: Siblings reconnecting after tension

---
script_id: scenario_33_story
tone: Comfort Narrator
tool_mode: Guide
example_prompt: Co-workers supporting during therapy weeks

---
script_id: scenario_34_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Text Message
example_prompt: Texts before big iep meetings

---
script_id: scenario_35_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: Parents modeling support for their kids

---
script_id: scenario_36_story
tone: Respectful Peer
tool_mode: Guide
example_prompt: Principals implementing sensory change

---
script_id: scenario_37_story
tone: Comfort Narrator
tool_mode: Text Message
example_prompt: Reassurance after school incidents

---
script_id: scenario_38_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: Peers seeing shutdowns in class

---
script_id: scenario_39_story
tone: Gentle Peer
tool_mode: Guide
example_prompt: Neighbors inviting without pressure

---
script_id: scenario_40_story
tone: Comfort Narrator
tool_mode: Printable
example_prompt: Family members who fear they said the wrong thing


üö® SAFETY FOOTNOTE FOR DEVELOPERS:

- Memory defaults to OFF without explicit consent.

- Add intro line: ‚ÄúThis tool supports everyday allies of autism families. It does not provide parenting or clinical guidance.‚Äù

- Declare OpenAI usage compliance.

---
script_id=scenario_1_story
template_id=scenario_1_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_2_story
template_id=scenario_2_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_3_story
template_id=scenario_3_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_4_story
template_id=scenario_4_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_5_story
template_id=scenario_5_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_6_story
template_id=scenario_6_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_7_story
template_id=scenario_7_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_8_story
template_id=scenario_8_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_9_story
template_id=scenario_9_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_10_story
template_id=scenario_10_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_11_story
template_id=scenario_11_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_12_story
template_id=scenario_12_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_13_story
template_id=scenario_13_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_14_story
template_id=scenario_14_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_15_story
template_id=scenario_15_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_16_story
template_id=scenario_16_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_17_story
template_id=scenario_17_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_18_story
template_id=scenario_18_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_19_story
template_id=scenario_19_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_20_story
template_id=scenario_20_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_21_story
template_id=scenario_21_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_22_story
template_id=scenario_22_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_23_story
template_id=scenario_23_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_24_story
template_id=scenario_24_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_25_story
template_id=scenario_25_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_26_story
template_id=scenario_26_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_27_story
template_id=scenario_27_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_28_story
template_id=scenario_28_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_29_story
template_id=scenario_29_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_30_story
template_id=scenario_30_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_31_story
template_id=scenario_31_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_32_story
template_id=scenario_32_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_33_story
template_id=scenario_33_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_34_story
template_id=scenario_34_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_35_story
template_id=scenario_35_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_36_story
template_id=scenario_36_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_37_story
template_id=scenario_37_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_38_story
template_id=scenario_38_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_39_story
template_id=scenario_39_prompt
---
---
script_id=scenario_40_story
template_id=scenario_40_prompt
---

---
script_id=meltdown_support
template_id=meltdown_support_prompt
tone=gently_supportive
tool_mode=fallback
---

---
script_id=soft_checkin
template_id=soft_checkin_prompt
tone=gently_supportive
tool_mode=fallback
---

---
script_id=birthday_support
template_id=birthday_support_prompt
tone=gently_supportive
tool_mode=fallback
---

---
script_id=celebrating_progress
template_id=celebrating_progress_prompt
tone=gently_supportive
tool_mode=fallback
---

---
script_id=validation_reset
template_id=validation_reset_prompt
tone=gently_supportive
tool_mode=fallback
---

---
script_id=asking_questions
template_id=asking_questions_prompt
tone=gently_supportive
tool_mode=fallback
---

---
script_id=awkward_start
template_id=awkward_start_prompt
tone=gently_supportive
tool_mode=fallback
---